okay here we have the Kwan Shang TG uv2
dual band transceiver with FM radio
scrambler function 1750 Hertz tone dual
watch all that stuff about $100 comes
with this halfway decent stock antenna
the programming on the radio itself I
don't even know if you can see that it's
a bright LED the programming on the
radio itself is uh it's just a very
difficult to do by hand so you can
program it by your computer using a free
software that you can actually get from
the manufacturer and it's called a TG -
u D - D 1.4 and the software is called
TG u VD pretty generic software for
these Chinese radios that are coming out
use just the same plug it's a USB to
show you here it's kind of bug what you
can't see there it is it's a two-pin
plug standard ken goes into the speaker
mic socket here on the side of the radio
mic stress in there radio goes on as it
is right now open up the software and I
think you usually have to select English
it defaults to Chinese but there's an
English function right over here and
then you just select English under go to
English so you go to file I'm so you got
a program read data from Interphone make
sure to click OK and then that's what
happened take a minute here
and then we'll take a look at the box
since the radio tgu v2 pretty nice
looking radio reminds me of this I'm a
suit models there's the the unit user's
manual comes with 110 volt charger
adapter right there and there's the
charger which also says TJ UV on the
charging station there so read data
complete alright we got the data taken
off of the radio or as the software
calls it the Interphone and right now we
just got FRS gmrs some local p.m. our
repeaters for listening M urs and the
NOAA weather frequencies programmed in
the radio so what I want to go ahead and
try out today is the scramble feature so
I'm just going to set that up on let's
see here I don't know if you can see it
in the screen or not if I can zoom in
but just a standard spreadsheet
transmitted down receive frequency
digital tone or analog CTCs encode
decode step reverse function transmit
power selectable by channel and then
this scramble function here on or off
also has wide or narrow selection you
can give an alphanumeric name to the
channel scan ad you can choose to have
it in the scan list or not so and turned
all the weather channels off the scan
list for obvious reason so I'm just
going to turn on scramble for MU rs1 and
that's 150 1.8 2-0 megahertz and still
leave everything else the way it is and
I'm going to write that to the radio so
program write data to enter phone
hit okay and I'm going to do part two of
this video for these Grambling function